Hello, my name is Allyson Rose, and I am a senior in college double majoring in biochemistry
and neuroscience.
I participated in two regional and two international space settlement design competitions, and
I can honestly say that the experiences changed my life.
Coming from a small town in a landlocked state, I had very little exposure to diverse interactions
prior to my participation in the competitions.
By meeting and working directly with people from all across the world on our shared goal
of developing a strong project, I gained a long-standing desire to learn from people
that come from backgrounds dissimilar to my own.
By assuming a leadership role as president of my company one year, I also learned that
having people with these vastly different experiences come together to address roadblocks,
it can result in the most innovative solutions.
I would highly recommend competing in the design competitions because they offer an
opportunity for growth no matter what your current interests are.
Personally, I will be attending medical school next year, but I chose to highlight one story
from my involvement in the design competitions during the recent application phase because
that moment had such a long-lasting impact on who I am as a person to this very day.